[Doc] Documentation for distributed inference (#261)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/index.rst

* Streaming outputs
* OpenAI-compatible API server

For more information:

* `vLLM announcing blog post <https://vllm.ai>`_ (PagedAttention introduction)

> * `Continuous batching introduction <https://www.anyscale.com/blog/continuous-batching-llm-inference>`_ by Cade Daniel et al.

Reviewer: Why don't we just use the original title of the blog post?
```suggestion
* `How continuous batching enables 23x throughput in LLM inference while reducing p50 latency <https://www.anyscale.com/blog/continuous-batching-llm-inference>`_ by Cade Daniel et al.
```
